# 2020 Timeline Details                                                    


Back in 2020, DBH was still quite small but this was the time it started to grow. It was getting a little more notice.
This was a nice time back then, nodes weren't always full and you could actually play on your game servers. As RAM use to be unlimited per server.
After a while around late 2020/ early 2021, RAM usage changed to 4GB max. Which was still plenty enough to play with friends.

Throughout the year of 2020 (specificly around may -> july), one of the staff members got promoted to admin this staff member being 2MP. 
2MP ruled as the server admin along side Dan for a short amount of time but still he built up trust
eventually gaining admin access to the panel.
Sadly 2MP's admin reign came to an end when his account got hacked. Thankfully not affecting DBH in any harmful way.

Earlier in the year, a member who went by the name of "Rosie" joined. They slowly worked their way up the ranks in the staff team, reaching the rank of admin. 
Thinking they co-owned the server. I would personally say they weren't the worse admin we have ever had. 
That get awarded to connor (Please correct me if this is the wrong spelling)
Connor lasted as an admin for less than a day, due to not many people liking the idea that he had admin. 
So after a day it got removed, moved back down to a Moderator.
After a little while he slowly faded into the back of the community not really chatting much or interacting with anyone.

Anyways, Rosie was bullied and annoyed a lot which gotta admit causes a lot of fun at the time. Sometimes brings a good laugh up.
Alongside rosie being admin, this was when TeaCup was admin. Everything was going well one night between everyone, until something happened
probably an argument or something. But DBH went into chaos, anyone who supported Rosie got banned. All hell broke loose.
Thankfully, after a day or two everything got settled. After more hate and bullying to Rosie, they finally left. However, to some people their mark hasn't left.
Rosie apparently got banned for advertising later on, but I'm not sure if this is true or not as staff did deny it. 

Also with Rosie was a Moderator called Steel. He had his moments sometimes he was chill sometimes he was a right knob. 
When it cames to staff stuff, the staff at the current time weren't bad. But in true DBH fashion a lot of the time things were bias.
Staff related things were a little more stable than in later years.
After a few good months of steel being a Moderator. A lot of people had enough of him as he thought he was in charge creating rules on the spot. 
But thankfully he did leave after enough people complained. Not quite su:re what happened to Steel after that. 

Later in the year around October, this was when the first donator node appeared. (I can't remember the specs, i dont know if anyone does any more..)
In Novemember/ Decemember solo returned to his admin position. And stuck in it all the way through the rest of 2020 and most of 2021.

- **26/12/2020**
    - On this date a few staff related things happened. 
       - A few noteable ones was who joined the staff team; Sarah (Sawah) and FC.
         - Along side sarah and FC Reha and Jaxon got promoted.
       - Robin and DaveFeed got demoted. (There is one more but can't remember their name)